# Title
Alternative Fuels Regulations


# ID
SOR-96-453

# URL
http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/regulations/SOR-96-453/FullText.html


# Summary
824505 Whereas, pursuant to section 6 of the  Alternative Fuels Act * , the President of the Treasury Board has consulted with such representatives of industry and environmental groups as the President considers appropriate; Therefore, the Treasury Board, on the recommendation of the President of the Treasury Board, pursuant to paragraphs 6(a) and (b) of the  Alternative Fuels Act * , makes the annexed  Alternative Fuels Regulations .
The definition in this section applies in these Regulations.
For the purposes of the definition  alternative fuel  in subsection 2(1) of the Act, the following, when used as the sole source of direct propulsion energy of a motor vehicle, are prescribed to be alternative fuels: ethanol; methanol; propane gas; natural gas; hydrogen; electricity; for the purposes of subsections 4(1) and 5(1) of the Act, any blended fuel that contains at least 50 per cent of one of the fuels referred to in paragraphs (a) to (e); and for the purposes of subsections 4(2) and 5(2) of the Act, any blended fuel that contains one of the fuels mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e).
For the purposes of the definition  motor vehicle  in subsection 2(1) of the Act, the following classes of vehicles are prescribed to be motor vehicles: automobiles; passenger vans; buses; light duty trucks; and medium duty trucks.
These Regulations come into force on September 24, 1996.


# Tags
['fuel', 'act', 'alternative', 'gas']


# Inconsistent Words
"[('mentioned', 'referred')]"


# Overlapping US Regulations
File Name: CFR-2018-title10-vol4, Reg (Part) Id: Pt. 962, URL:https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title10-vol4/xml/CFR-2018-title10-vol4.xml
,Title's Name: Energy, Part's Name: PART 962—BYPRODUCT MATERIAL

File Name: CFR-2018-title28-vol2, Reg (Part) Id: Pt. 72, URL:https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title28-vol2/xml/CFR-2018-title28-vol2.xml
,Title's Name: Judicial Administration, Part's Name: PART 72—SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION

File Name: CFR-2018-title15-vol3, Reg (Part) Id: Pt. 909, URL:https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title15-vol3/xml/CFR-2018-title15-vol3.xml
,Title's Name: Commerce and Foreign Trade, Part's Name: PART 909—MARINE DEBRIS

File Name: CFR-2018-title18-vol1, Reg (Part) Id: Pt. 280, URL:https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title18-vol1/xml/CFR-2018-title18-vol1.xml
,Title's Name: Conservation of Power and Water Resources, Part's Name: PART 280—GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SUBCHAPTER I

File Name: CFR-2018-title33-vol1, Reg (Part) Id: Pt. 26, URL:https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title33-vol1/xml/CFR-2018-title33-vol1.xml
,Title's Name: Navigation and Navigable Waters, Part's Name: PART 26—VESSEL BRIDGE-TO-BRIDGE RADIOTELEPHONE REGULATIONS




# NAICS Code
## Level 2 Codes
Code: 415, Title:Motor vehicle and motor vehicle parts and accessories merchant wholesalers

Code: 454, Title:Non-store retailers

Code: 441, Title:Motor vehicle and parts dealers




## Level 3 Codes
Code: 3361, Title:Motor vehicle manufacturing

Code: 4151, Title:Motor vehicle merchant wholesalers

Code: 3362, Title:Motor vehicle body and trailer manufacturing







# Structured Analysis Summary
| Type        | Values         |
|:------------|:---------------|
| Constraints | ['at least']   |
| Condition   | ['when']       |
| Date        | ['1996-09-24'] |


# Structured Analysis With Context
 


## Constraints
| Constraints   | Context                                                                             |
|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| at least      | of the Act, any blended fuel that contains at least 50 per cent of one of the fuels |


## Condition
| Condition   | Context                                                                                         |
|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| when        | in subsection 2(1) of the Act, the following, when used as the sole source of direct propulsion |


## Date
| Date       | Context                                                  |
|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
| 1996-09-24 | These Regulations come into force on September 24, 1996. |


